In this section, we are going to set up CloudFlare in order to set up CloudFlare.
You need to sign up for a CloudFlare account.
I'm not going to go through the procedure.
It's something you can do once you've created your CloudFlare account.
You need to change your name servers with your domain registrar to those which CloudFlare have given
you.
An optional step is to add the CloudFlare plug in to your WordPress site as of July 2019.
This plugin hasn't been updated for a while.
Proceed with caution regarding the CloudFlare plugin.
Implementing CloudFlare on a site after completing the course requires no further configuration on the
server.
What we need to do is fix the issue of CloudFlare IP addresses.
We want your visitors IP address to appear in the log files and not CloudFlare IPS.
CloudFlare is acting as a reverse proxy.
That means you will only see the CloudFlare IP addresses in your log files.
This is a problem.
If any of your Web applications needs the originating IP of the visitor, it will not have the visitors
IP address.
It will have the CloudFlare IP address instead.
This can create many issues.
For example, fail to ban will not be able to ban the visitors IP.
It will ban the CloudFlare IP.
CloudFlare includes the visitors IP address in the ex forwarded for header and the CEF connecting IP
header.
You can use these headers to restore the originating IP address of your visitor.
The ancient X module HTP real IP is included by default with almost all versions of Ingenix.
It's confirmed that that particular module has been installed on our server.
If I type the command engine X, hyphen V two greater than ampersand one, I then use grep to search
for the module HTP real IP module with HTP real IP module.
So the version of Engine X that we have installed on our server was compiled with the HTP real IP module
for the new course updates.
I'm going to create a new include directory in the Engine X directory called Includes With CloudFlare.
We need to create an include file.
I'm going to call the include file CloudFlare Dot Seo in F.
You can include this file in the HTTP or server contexts.
If it's in the HTTP context, it will be applied to all your sites.
In the server context, it will be applied to a specific site in the cloud.
Vedat Seo NFR will contain the list of CloudFlare IP addresses.
We will then use the engine exit real IP to get the client's address.
Now what we need to do is in your home directory we need to create an additional directory.
That directory we are going to call CloudFlare.
In that directory, we are going to create a bash script.
I'm simply going to call it CFT Dot S.H..
That script will be responsible for populating the CloudFlare Dot Seo in a file with the CloudFlare
IP addresses.
We are going to create a current job that will run the CFO Dot S.H. script three times a week that will
ensure that our server has the correct list of CloudFlare ipis at all time.
Here is the contents of CFT S.H. Use Kerl and grab the IP the full and IPV six IP addresses from the
CARDPLAYER site.
Then insert the directive.
Set real IP from followed by the IP address for each of the IPS from the list.
When a client visits your site, the client's IP address will be used due to the real IP header getting
the IP from the CEF connecting IP header.
The CFTC script needs to be made executable and to prevent accidental deletion.
Add an immutable but to the file.
Using the change attribute to command, you will need to reload Engine X after updating the cloud the
IP addresses.
So an additional script needs to be created.
I'll call it engine x underscore reload dot S.H..
The contents will simply be sys ctrl reload engine X, give the script executable permissions and to
prevent accidental deletion add and immutable but to the file using chapter and change to the XY Engine
X directory.
I already have the includes directory.
I created the includes directory when I completed the lecture on rate limiting so you can change to
the includes directory.
We need to create a file CloudFlare Dot Seo and if sudo touch CloudFlare dot seo in f the.
All is owned by the user route, the group route, it's permissions 64 for the owner route can write
to the file so we don't need to change the ownership or permissions of the file can change to your home
directory, your home directory.
We need to make a directory called CloudFlare.
You can name change to the CloudFlare directory.
We want to create a script neno s.f., dot, S.H. attached to this lecture you will find a PDF, the
script CFT DSH you will find the contents in that PDF.
You can close NENO saving your change just to see if not a search.
We need to give CFT search executable permissions mod plus X followed by the filename we need to set
and immutable.
But on that file to prevent accidental deletion sudo change attribute a ttr plus I CFT search we need
to create a second script file.
Ingenix underscore reload dot is etch the contents of which is simply system ctrl reload Ingenix you
can close neno saving your changes.
Give Ingenix reload executable permissions siegmund plus x set and immutable but on Ingenix reload sudo
sujata plus filename for use the katka bound to view the contents of a file the path to the file CloudFlare
dot seo in if the file is black sudo period forward slash followed by the filename its use the cat command
and view the contents of CloudFlare.
They are the CloudFlare IP addresses set real IP from the IP address right at the bottom.
Real IP header.
See if connecting IP.
Let's run our second script sudo period forward slash, Ingenix, reload.
Now we need to sit across a job to run the CFTC script three times a week and half an hour later, reload
Ingenix.
Sudo crosstab hyphen e, this is a root crosstab, you must use sudo I'll select one NENO as my editor
we need to create a root.
Cronon Sudo crosstab hyphen E at midnight on the first, third and fourth days.
I want to run the script, see if Dot S.H. 30 minutes later I want to run the script.
Ingenix underscore reload dot S.H. There are two Crunch's minutes zero hours zero midnight Dave the
week one three five past to the best interpretor path to the script.
I'd like to run home Andrew Card CFT DSH and we're going to redirect any mail from scran to slash dev
slash.
Now the second krod is going to run minutes thirty hours zero thirty minutes after the first Grönholm
Andrew CloudFlare Ingenix underscore reader dot isec you can exit neno saving your changes sudo crosstab
Halfon L will list the two kraja.
I've changed to my NPC Engine X directory.
I then want to open the file engine x dot com and if using neno in the H TTP context I'm going to scroll
down to under the GS settings.
If I want to apply the CloudFlare real IP to all the sites on the server, I include the Cloud 3.0 in
file in that HTP context of engine Eckstut SEO and if I have a few sites on the server and I'm only
going to use CloudFlare on one of the sites, so I'll comment to include direct in engine X.com in F
and add that directive in the site's Engine X server Bluck.
In the Etsy engine sites available directory, you can open your sites, engine X configuration file
using Nano.
In the server context, you can add include path to cloud dot com in if that particular directive will
then be applied only to this particular site.
I want to point out that you have a lot of configuration choices when it comes to CloudFlare.
Read the documentation that Kallaugher offers.
Their documentation is very good.
Don't blindly start enabling options.
You could end up breaking your site, enable one option, test your site.
Everything work perfectly, enable the next option, test your site.
Does it work?
In this lecture, we implemented CloudFlare.